ah what a beautiful day
Oh
I'm gonna be livid time today
today I'm gonna be nippy type of ciao
oh my god she's dying if you didn't have
all that hair keeps popping that's so
creepy you know the first thing it oh oh
oh here comes dad with the skimmer
like my boyfriend Edie and it's like my
boyfriend the creepy-ass Eddie and he so
cute I just went for a guy why am i all
wet
we were they going time should I go with
Eddie I don't know which one may be
blown
so hey Kenya boyfriend is so dumped ed
and Eddy because they were Chalet and
they hire me because they like these
things to me that I just can't say I'll
fail because it will be so wrong but
it's something that they kept in use ice
cream ma ha ha
Oh doh sure done
bill a I don't like you enough to help
you but why not wait I don't owe the two
fat what I'm skinny skinny in my hair so
awesome I'm dumping you I'm sorry
goodbye I love it
yes I would like go and the massive
dives so the gym teacher will let me go
is he inside you here
Jessie left yours behind for us oh no
God she didn't leave a hand behind
closed
yeah so there's my bunny friend over
there
he's so hot his name's Kevin